{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25080\viewh14140\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 In Gomez, Hansford, and Krause (2007)\'92s \'93The Republicans Should Pray for Rain: Weather, Turnout, and Voting in U.S. Presidential Elections\'94, rainfall is shown to suppress voter turnout during U.S. presidential elections. This paper examines their empirical claim. First, we argue that the negative effect of rainfall on voter turnout may be neutralized when taken into account other counteracting forces such as voter mobilization by campaigns and voters\'92 acclimatization to weather pattern. Second, using CCES datasets from 2006 to 2012 elections and randomization inference shown in Cooperman (2007) to estimate variance in clustered treatment assignment, we assess the effect of rainfall on an individual voter\'92s probability of turning out. [Results TBD]\
\
\
Excellent start on the abstract. I went a bit broader in my rephrasing below to give us room for multiple directions / tests /ideas that we are tossing around. We might go causal inference or mlm routes, for example\'85etc. I also went with a song I like for the title. You a Led Zeppelin fan? \
\
\
Title:\
`Fool in the Rain:\'92 Whose Turnout Hinges on Rainfall? \
\
Abstract:\
A number of studies have considered the effect of rainfall on turnout in the US, with the bulk of the evidence suggesting a strong negative relationship. Our work builds upon previous studies by explicitly testing individual and county characteristics that may moderate the rainfall turnout relationship. To do so, we couple individual level data from multiple presidential elections with county level measures, including campaign activity and GIS-interpolated weather data. Both multilevel models and potential outcomes analyses suggest that the effects of rainfall are much smaller and more contingent than previously acknowledged. In addition, the effects are not always negative. Ultimately, the study suggests the importance of understanding the conditions under which rainfall affects voting. \
\
First choice section:\
Sect. 31 - Turnout & Political Participation\'a0\
\
Second choice section:\
Sect. 34 - Voting Behavior
\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
}